Don't call me brother
How can someone like me have a brother as powerful as you?
No, we have cleared you.
Xiaoli also admitted her mistake to you.
What more do you want?
Five years.
You never believed me.
Even the truth about the theft
You refused to investigate
Now I know who I am
I know I can help you parents Jiang
Then go to adjust the surveillance and clear my name.
Then I'll ask you
The grievances I have suffered in the past 5 years
To whom should my resentment be found?
Just because he said a light sorry now
It's all over
Xiaoli was still a child at that time
And he has long regretted framing you
Really? Why didn't I see that he regretted it?
I think it's really not easy for you.
Not really. No, actually.
Kobayashi, kneel down and apologize to your brother
Mom, get down on your knees
Brother, I'm sorry.
I know wrong